# GDB Practice

In this README, you will put the answers to several questions found 
in the lab handout, and replicated here. All of your work for this part
of the lab should be included in this README.

This README is written using [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/).
Please format your answers using Markdown so that it displays neatly
in your GitHub repository's web interface.
You can check your formatting by pushing your code and navigating to your
README within your private GitHub repository.


## Questions
Complete the questions below in the space provided. 
More context can be found in the lab handout.


 * What does the function `rand()` do and what does taking the modulo 10 of its result do?
   rand()generates a random number byte and taking modulo 10 of its result is the least positive integer(byte) remainder that you get from dividing the number rand() has generated by 10.
   
 * Copy and paste the breakpoint information printed out by gdb when the executing program reaches the call to `srand()`. (Use the triple quotes \`\`\` so that your output is formatted as code)
   ```
  Breakpoint 1, main (argc=1, argv=0x7fffffffe5a8) at driver.c:40
  40        srand(time(NULL));
   ```

 * Copy and paste the breakpoint information printed out by gdb when the executing program reaches the call to `doStuff()`. 
   ```
  Breakpoint 2, main (argc=1, argv=0x7fffffffe5a8) at driver.c:49
  49        doStuff(array);
   ```


 * Copy and paste what gdb prints out when you give it the command `p array` at the line AFTER the `for` loop (i.e. the line with the call to the function doStuff()). Also include what gdb prints out when you give it the command `p array[0][0]` and `p array[0]`.  Make sure to label your answers for each part.
   ```
   p array: $1 = {{4, 4, 3, 4, 9}, {0, 5, 5, 4, 4}, {2, 9, 6, 1, 4}, {6, 4, 2, 2, 5}, {3, 7, 3, 5, 8}}
   p array[0][0]: $2 = 4
   p array[0]: $3 = {4, 4, 3, 4, 9}
   ```
   p array: print the array
   p array [0][0]: print the first value of the first array
   p array [0]: print the first array




 * Explain (at a high level), what the `doStuff()` function does.
   it populates two arrays of size 5 through nested for loops using values from a random number (byte) generator.
